Rename app to secrets (#76)
Nitrokey/trussed-secrets-app: README.md

[trussed]: https://trussed.dev

[yubico-oath]: https://developers.yubico.com/OATH/YKOATH_Protocol.html

### Current Features

Secrets App supports the following features:

- HOTP implementation - [RFC4226],
- TOTP implementation - [RFC6238],
- Reverse HOTP implementation - [the original client][hotp-verif].
- Yubikey's HMAC-SHA1 challenge for KeepassXC - [KeepassXC documentation][keepass-docs], [setup tutorial][hmac-tutorial].

The pynitrokey library can be used to communicate with this application over CTAPHID, and nitropy provides the CLI using
it.

CCID transport is also available, and while not supported in the mentioned library yet, it can be potentially used by
the protocol-compatible applications, like the mentioned KeepassXC.

[RFC4226]: https://www.rfc-editor.org/rfc/rfc4226

[RFC6238]: https://www.rfc-editor.org/rfc/rfc6238

[hotp-verif]: https://github.com/Nitrokey/nitrokey-hotp-verification#verifying-hotp-code
[keepass-docs]: https://keepassxc.org/docs/
[hmac-tutorial]: https://docs.yubikey.wiki/tutorials/keepassxc

#### OTP

OTP support works reasonably well, with the following remarks:

> 1. Shared secret key length could be 320 bits and longer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Shared secret key length can be 320 bits (40 bytes) or longer.
```
